Add note on prefixing Client ID values used with OpenID4VP (#57)
peppelinux/openid-federation-4-wallet-architectures: openid-federation-wallet-1_0.md

authorization decisions move from ad‑hoc, per‑instance configuration into a
federated, policy-driven framework anchored in the Trust Anchor and the Superior Entities.

### OpenID Federation Client IDs Used with OpenID for Verifiable Presentations

Note that Section 5.9.3 of [@!OpenID4VP] defines that the Client ID values
specified by Section 12.1 of [@!OpenID.Federation], which are Entity Identifiers,
MUST be prefixed by `openid_federation:` when used with [@!OpenID4VP].
Therefore, such Client IDs MUST be prefixed when used with
[@!OpenID4VP] protocols and APIs

> and the prefix MUST be removed from any Client IDs received from
> [@!OpenID4VP] protocols and APIs
> when used with this specification and OpenID Federation.

Reviewer: I think this is potentially confusing and could lead to the incorrect behaviour of using the wrong 'aud' value in responses without the prefix if the text is followed strictly. I'd suggest something like this:

```suggestion
and the prefix MUST be disregarded from any Client IDs received from
[@!OpenID4VP] protocols and APIs
when applying the processing rules in OpenID Federation 1.0. The prefix MUST be used wherever the client id is used in responses, for example `aud` values in JWTs.
To guard against confusion attacks with other protocols, Authorization servers are suggested to implement this by internally prefixing all federation client_ids with `openid_federation:`, ensuring non-federation clients cannot be assigned a client id beginning with `openid_federation:`, and removing the prefix when returning replies to Federation 1.0 clients.
```

Author: "removed" is more actionable and explicit than "disregarded".

The suggested text "The prefix MUST be used wherever the client id is used in responses, for example `aud` values in JWTs." introduces more ambiguities than it resolves.  Indeed, the prefix MUST NOT be used in normal "aud" values, such as those in [3.1.4. ](https://openid.net/specs/openid-federation-1_0.html#section-3.1.4)[Claims Used in Explicit Registration Requests](https://openid.net/specs/openid-federation-1_0.html#name-claims-used-in-explicit-reg), [3.1.5. ](https://openid.net/specs/openid-federation-1_0.html#section-3.1.5)[Claims Used in Explicit Registration Responses](https://openid.net/specs/openid-federation-1_0.html#name-claims-used-in-explicit-regi), [4.3. ](https://openid.net/specs/openid-federation-1_0.html#section-4.3)[Trust Chain Header Parameter](https://openid.net/specs/openid-federation-1_0.html#name-trust-chain-header-paramete), [8.8. ](https://openid.net/specs/openid-federation-1_0.html#section-8.8)[Client Authentication at Federation Endpoints](https://openid.net/specs/openid-federation-1_0.html#name-client-authentication-at-fe), [12.1.1.1. ](https://openid.net/specs/openid-federation-1_0.html#section-12.1.1.1)[Using a Request Object](https://openid.net/specs/openid-federation-1_0.html#name-using-a-request-object), [12.1.1.2. ](https://openid.net/specs/openid-federation-1_0.html#section-12.1.1.2)[Using Pushed Authorization](https://openid.net/specs/openid-federation-1_0.html#name-using-pushed-authorization), [12.2.1. ](https://openid.net/specs/openid-federation-1_0.html#section-12.2.1)[Explicit Client Registration Request](https://openid.net/specs/openid-federation-1_0.html#name-explicit-client-registratio), and associated processing steps.

However, it could be useful for you to instead provide an explicit list of OpenID4VP interfaces where it MUST be used.  That would be actionable by developers.  Do you want to take a stab at that as an alternative to this proposed change?  If not, I'll plan to do so.  Let me know.

Finally, it's not a typical practice to suggest preferring one implementation strategy over another when there are multiple equivalent and valid implementation methodologies.  In practice, I suspect most OpenID Federation implementations represent the Client ID as the normal Client ID without the prefix and I don't think it's our place to tell them that they're wrong.  This PR is trying to help them by providing explicit guidance about what they have to do to successfully use OpenID4VP interfaces.

authorization decisions move from ad‑hoc, per‑instance configuration into a
federated, policy-driven framework anchored in the Trust Anchor and the Superior Entities.

### OpenID Federation Client IDs Used with OpenID for Verifiable Presentations

Note that Section 5.9.3 of [@!OpenID4VP] defines that the Client ID values
specified by Section 12.1 of [@!OpenID.Federation], which are Entity Identifiers,
MUST be prefixed by `openid_federation:` when used with [@!OpenID4VP].
Therefore, such Client IDs MUST be prefixed when used with
[@!OpenID4VP] protocols and APIs
and the prefix MUST be removed from any Client IDs received from
[@!OpenID4VP] protocols and APIs
when applying the processing rules in OpenID Federation 1.0 and this specification.
For example, the prefix MUST be included in
the `client_id` values in the Authorization Requests defined in
Section 5 of [@!OpenID4VP],
the `client_id` values in the key-bound attestations defined in
Section 5.11.1 of [@!OpenID4VP], and
the `aud` values in the Presentation Responses defined in
Appendix B of [@!OpenID4VP].
Together, these rules enable compliance with
Section 14.8 of [@!OpenID4VP] (Always Use the Full Client Identifier).

> 

Reviewer 2: If we engage in a transaction through OpenID4VP but do not have see the openid_federation prefix, do we need to recommend action? It would basically be a violation of the OpenID4VP spec?
